commercial ships under
attack the attacks have led two of the
world's shipping Giants Denmark's MK and
hapag glid of Germany to suspend
operations in the Red Sea instructing
their vessels to steer clear of one of
the world's most important shipping
routes it comes after a growing number
of attacks launched by houi fighters in
Yemen a group backed by Iran since the
war in Gaza started 2 months ago they
have used used missiles and drones to
attack shipping in the Red
Sea the yemeni Armed Forces assure All
Ships heading to all ports around the
world except for the Israeli ports that
they won't be harmed and that they must
keep recognition devices open the
conflict is centered around a crucial
Maritime Corridor connecting Europe and
the Mediterranean to Asia but avoiding
the Red Sea can double travel time to
many destinations and it's causing
ripples of concern the houthis represent
a material threat to freedom of
navigation to commercial shipping to
lawful Commerce and they're doing so in
a vital artery there at the Baba mandb
uh and into the Red Sea and the United
States is working with the International
Community with Partners from the region
and from all over the world to deal with
this threat there is spearheading a new
Maritime Coalition in a bit to contain
the situation despite years of us
sanctions intended to hold back to
houthis attacks keep coming these
measures appear to be backfiring pushing
the region into wider
turmoil Axel zovich Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer